Ellen Musk (18, College freshman) -  On-campus housing
“I was lucky enough to receive a lot of financial aid from my school, but I was still left to worry about budgeting for textbooks, school supplies, and stuff for my dorm. This is my first time living away from home, and Furnitrade made it super easy to create a space that felt welcoming and comfortable without spending tons. I also love how unlike Facebook Marketplace, Furnitrade is specifically for furniture and dorm items, and the quality checks make me way more comfortable about buying used stuff. I definitely recommend using Furnitrade if you just don’t have the cash to buy brand-new (and usually overpriced) furniture, but still want to make your dorm feel a little more home-y.” 
Matt Stove (21, College senior) - Off-campus housing
“Every year when move-out day comes around, I feel like I always see a ton of decent furniture just left behind and it seems like such a waste. Furnitrade makes it unbelievably easy to get rid of stuff you may not need anymore, and you can feel good knowing you’re not just contributing to some landfill. I also love trading things over the website because you’d be surprised by the cool stuff other students have - my favorite score so far has been a dope lounge chair, or maybe the time someone gave away a life-sized cardboard cutout of Danny DeVito.” 
Cheyanne Jackson (20, College junior) - Lives in apartment during co-op position
“I recently interned at a company's New York headquarters, and Furnitrade was a game-changer. I live on the West Coast, so I was really not about to bring a ton of furniture for an apartment I’d be staying at temporarily. However, I still wanted to make the most of the space for the few months I’d be living there. Using Furnitrade, I was able to buy an awesome futon, an area rug, and even a decent TV from local users. At the end of my internship, I was even able to resell everything back on the website. There’s really  no better feeling than travelling light.”
